Add mention of RUM SDK within MAT docs (#28661)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/mobile_app_testing/_index.md

Datadog runs these tests on real devices to provide a realistic, step-by-step representation of key application workflows, screenshots of each step, and detailed pass or fail results so your team can quickly visualize what went wrong.
Mobile app tests can run on a schedule, on demand, or directly within your [CI/CD pipelines][1].

> Optionally, link Synthetics mobile test data with mobile RUM data if the [RUM SDK][15] is leveraged within the tested application. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, link Synthetic mobile test data with RUM mobile data if the [RUM SDK][15] is used within the tested application. 
```
